in 2020 there are islands on our planet
that have not been touched by the hand
of modern man
not even his fingers nature in these
places has remained unchanged for
thousands of years
what if people lived on one of these
islands they wouldn't know about
civilization's progressive benefits or
have seen a modern person
this island actually exists and
traveling to it is unlawful and involves
many dangers north sentinel island
is located in india in the bay of bengal
if you want to get there
you won't succeed because any travel to
this place is prohibited by
law since the middle of the 20th century
the indian coast guard prevents
any attempts to get there but the law is
not the only thing that will stop you on
the way
imagine sailing a small boat towards
this island
the waters are crystal clear you spot
passing fish
and beautiful coral reefs ahead you can
see the island's shape
it looks like paradise you're so
impressed by the beautiful view of this
place
that you don't notice a few dots
appearing on the shore
as you sail closer something whizzes
past you and falls into the water
it's an arrow the next arrow hits the
hull of the boat
the dots on the shore are people the
local tribes sent in the leaves
they stand with spears and bows and
shout something at you in a strange
language
they make it clear with gestures that
you should get out of this place
they throw spears at you and fire arrows
well that's another clue huh
fortunately you managed to get away
sentinelese guards their island
in such an aggressive way they don't
invite anyone to the island
and voluntarily isolate themselves from
the rest of the world
even when a helicopter flew to north
sentinel the tribe threw spears and
arrows at it the authorities forbid
approaching this island because it's
unsafe for tourists you think
and to protect the islanders from the
dangers of modern man
people can easily bring disease to the
island and infect the inhabitants
the locals may not have immunity to even
the flu or a simple coal
despite all the prohibitions and threats
to life many people have tried to get
there
they wanted to make friends with the
tribe and sometimes they did
in 1880 officer maurice vidal portman
went to the island shore
and found that it was surrounded by a
coral reef and limestone
on the island there was a noble soil
which is ideal for growing coconut palms
portman found several villages on the
island but didn't visit the locals
and left this green paradise often
researchers gave the islanders gifts in
the form of caught fish
the locals accepted it asked for more
but still
did not allow anyone to approach their
home
making friends with the natives was also
tricky because they communicate in a
complicated language
but over several decades modern people
managed to establish contact
in 1991 one of the locals approached a
boat that sailed to the island and took
the gift
in the same year the islanders boarded a
boat and accepted bags of coconuts from
the anthropology team
this was one of the last positive
interactions with the tribe
for centuries sentinels have lived on
their own
far from civilization and india's
government wants this to continue
so there another island is also
beautiful
but much more unsafe one mysterious
small green
island is found 25 miles off the coast
of brazil
it also represents paradise traces of
modern man are present here in the form
of a lighthouse
but there are no people inside sometimes
the coast guard comes to the lighthouse
to check whether everything is okay
and whether there are no strangers on
the island people are not allowed on
this island for their own good
the only inhabitants of this place are
snakes
the island is home to about 4 000
species of these reptiles
they hang on trees and slither on the
ground
oh boy they have no enemies and feed on
birds that visit the island for
recreation during a long flight
oops but the worst thing is that these
snakes are among the most
venomous in the world the golden
lancehead snake is a unique species that
lives only in this place
snake island was once part of brazil's
mainland but
10 000 years ago the sea level rose and
separated this place
turning it into an island animals were
completely isolated here
and for thousands of years snakes became
the top of the food chain
because there was no other prey on the
island except birds
evolution gave these snakes a potent
venom to catch prey with a single bite
well moving on next is a terrifying
island located in the zachamelco canal
11 miles from mexico city there are no
venus animals or a hostile local tribe
and the island is not forbidden to visit
but most likely you'll want to leave as
soon as you arrive
creepy dolls of various sizes are
suspended in trees and old buildings
all over the island in the 50s one of
the residents of mexico city moved alone
to this island
and began to hang it with dolls for
decades he decorated this place
although it's difficult to call it
decoration
he found dolls and dumps and canals
around the island
the hanging dolls looked rather strange
and attracted many tourists
but over time the dolls got older they
were covered with moss
turned green and rotted the doll's faces
have deformed and taken eerie shapes
but the worst thing is that the locals
say they've seen these dolls come to
life at night
now for bovit island one of the most
mysterious
islands in the world this island is the
most
isolated place in the world it's located
in the south atlantic ocean
sixteen hundred miles away from south
africa and eleven hundred miles from
antarctica
a perfect location for an introvert it's
challenging to reach the island
and typically you can only do so from
some large ships passing by
almost the entire island is covered by a
glacier
and in its center lies a volcanic crater
the only permanent residents of the
island are penguins and seals
the island was discovered by a french
explorer in 1739
however the coordinates of this place
were not recorded
for the next 69 years the island was
hidden
in the early 19th century it was finally
rediscovered
but a human foot came ashore only in
hopefully it was still attached to some
explorer
in the mid 20th century people decided
to build a weather station there
as soon as the researchers sailed to the
island they discovered something strange
they found a lifeboat in a small lagoon
among the seals
it was in good condition and could still
sail the researchers found oars and an
empty copper buoyancy tank not far from
the boat
there were no markings or emblems on the
boat it seemed that a ship was wrecked
and the sailors escaped by this boat
however
no human tracks were found on the island
who owned this boat and what happened to
those who sailed on it
remains a mystery now let's end our trip
with an island that is completely safe
and even pleasant what a surprise pig
beach is an island located in the
bahamas
this is not the official name of this
place but it's called that because of
the local swimming pigs
the island is inhabited by these animals
they sunbathe
on the beach walk through the jungle and
beg for food from tourists
but the cool thing is they can all swim
really well
cute pink and brown piglets splash in
the water and
grunt begging for food thanks to feeding
by tourists and caring locals
these animals manage to survive on the
island
you can stay at a hotel on a nearby
island and visit the pigs by
boat nobody knows precisely where the
pigs came from
according to one legend the pigs
survived a shipwreck and swam to this
island
you can find several cats and goats
there as well
animal farm anyone